# Pa11y meeting minutes 6th of May 2016

Present: Rowan Manning RM, Alex Kilgour AK, Nick Call NC, Jose Bolos JB, Jack Watkins JW, Andrew Mee AM (taking minutes)

## State of the projects:

Agenda:
- Command-Line
- Dashboard/Webservice
- Website
- Discussing project status: as detailed https://gist.github.com/rowanmanning/631161d2ea5d88a757afe1b0dbd21abc#file-status-md

AM: Do we think we should be merging the dashboard and webservice?

RM: Yes, definitely. It’s confusing that they’re two separate projects.

JB: Is there a usecase for the webservice without the dashboard?

RM: Yes, but we can consider that in the “future state” discussion later.

### Actions:
None.

## Governance:

Agenda:
- Teams/leadership (Project areas? Couple of people?)
- Involving external contributors
- Involving some designers?
- Weekly/fortnightly/monthly meetings? (open to everyone)
- Sponsorship by organisations (through dev time?)
- How we work together (what with us all working all over the place now)

RM is currently acting lead on everything, this could be split which would be more efficient and reduce RM’s workload.  Suggests nominating new leads for different parts of the project.

Requires people who understand the project well.  Potentially if we want to have external people taking on these roles we might need to address ownership.

AK: Where does it break down logically?  We need to decide that first.

NC: It might be a couple of people - can help distribute the work better, and cope with absence.

RM: Any lead needs to be able to confidently operate autonomously.

RM: There’s a good support community of contributors (GDS, 18f, etc.), we could reach out to this community to look for people to help 
support the governance.

RM: We could use some design/UX input to help with the dashboard and website.

AK: We could have a designer come up with some branding resources.

NC: We could ask Luke (Stevenage) to do some design work.

RM: Perry also has some design contacts

AM: I have UX resources on my team who would be interested

AK: And James Cook from UX

JB: It would be interesting to talk to some people using it and see how they are using it

RM: We only tend to hear from people using it in strange ways, asking questions if they can make it work that way.

AK: Could this be built into the website?  Allow people to promote their activities by publishing a short case-study on what they’re using pa11y for.

RM: This meeting is overdue, which is why our agenda is so large. What’s the correct cadence for this project?

AM: Let’s not try to dictate cadence now for the long term, let’s just agree at the end of this meeting when our next should be, and go from there.

General: It might be worth creating a slack (or other) channel to help manage issues that arise between meetings.

RM: Should we allow organisations who do contribute to the project to put their name in a contributors/sponsors list, help foster investment from their employees and legitimise people contributing to the project in their employers’ time.

We’re currently working together in the pa11y channel in FEDS slack, but this won’t work for other people outside of the SN or FT group.

AK: We could be working on this (in SN) on hack days.

### Actions: 
- Create mission statement to define vision for the project to ensure anyone in a governance position is on the same page
- Work out what we want/need from UX and design
- Reach out to some design and UX to see who wants to help
- We will create a pa11y slack (or alternative) to help coordinate our efforts
- We will reach out to slack to ask them for a free licence
- Decide at the end of this meeting when our next should be

## The future:

Agenda:
Command-Line
- Dashboard 2.0
- Website
- Promotion (talks, blog posts)
- Comms (do we create a Twitter, Slack, etc?)

See for each topic: https://gist.github.com/rowanmanning/631161d2ea5d88a757afe1b0dbd21abc#file-roadmap-md

### Command line:
See link above

RM: Pa11y 3 already supports Node.js 6.x, but would like to release v4 to drop support from Node.js 0.12

AM: Are you saying ramp down dev on the command line because it’s effectively just working?

RM: Yes. Largely it works for it now, so better to keep it stable.

AK: As we bring on more people we don’t necessarily need to leave command line.

AM: But stability can be a good thing.

AK: It could still benefit from having someone in charge of it; monitoring issues, etc.

(Discussing issue #91, RM expresses the opinion he doesn’t want this feature any more - you can just run pa11y multiple times instead, need to respond to the PR opened).

### Dashboard 2.0:
See link above

Sites should not use the domain model, it would just be named groupings of urls - helps keep things organised in large orgs like ours.

AM: sounds like all good suggestions

AK: this needs to be prioritised

RM/NC: how can this be built in the open?

AK: Should this be a separate thing so dashboard/webservice can still exist while this is built in the open as a replacement?

RM: I’ve started work on this.  Just an API now, no views.

### Website:
See link above

(see governance for ideas re: sponsorship, case-studies, speaking to ux and design)

### Promotion:
See link above

RM: There’s view source conf which is run by Mozilla which I might have an ability to speak at.  Will make me put together a talk which can be shopped about.

RM: Would anyone else be interested in doing talks?  JB volunteers.

Others: I don’t feel confident doing it now, but in the future probably.

RM: Would be useful to speak about Pa11y as evolving project; past, present, future.

AM: Does pa11y have a blog? Should it?

RM: We could use cruft and engine room, which already have an audience we can leverage

AK: Should we just have a section on the site to aggregate posts elsewhere?

ALL: yes, this would be useful.

### Comms:
See link above

RM: Having multiple channels would be good

ALL: Twitter is good for both access and promotion

### Actions:
- Respond to the issue #91 PR; shut it down, doesn’t belong in core
- RM to make available his private repo first attempt at this, with README
- Make formal proposal of what we wish to do with dashboad 2.0, see how it is received
- Speak to current users of the dashboard; basic survey/requirements gathering
- Create a prioritised backlog for dashboard 2.0
- Create a loose roadmap (based on user needs/frustrations, not features)
- Create a contributor/developer guide (inc coding style, code of conduct)
- Aggregate external blog posts about pa11y on the pa11y website
- Create a pa11y twitter, come up with a name since that name is taken

## Ownership:

Agenda:
- Repo ownership (move to pa11y org on GitHub - I own this already)
	- Pa11y
	- Pa11y Dashboard
	- Pa11y Webservice
	- Pa11y Webservice Client Node
	- Truffler
	- HasBin
	- Website
- Copyright assignment
- How to move forward with this

RM: It’s unanimous that we want to move this to a new repo/org

JB: When I spoke to Jude about this he was sensitive to copyright issues

AM: We don’t need this copyright, as long as the licence is correct to allow us to continue contributing and using.

We don’t need to worry about the copyright, we just need to reorganise the github organisation.

Immediate action: why do we want to move to a new org?
- Sponsorship by other companies becomes possible
- More buy-in from external contributors generally
- Self-organising (no management overhead for SN employees, managing external contributors in our corporate github account)
- Majority of contributions are now external, not by SN employees
- Note: SN will retain copyright for all code written as part of the duties of SN employees

Web Address
RM: Is pa11y.org Jude’s registration?  Can we have control of this domain?

### Actions:
- Win approval for moving the repo to it’s own organisation
- Speak to Jude about control of the pa11y domain


## Wrap-up:

Governance domains:  RM is currently maintaining all of these, can handover to...

- Pa11y - RM: NC
- Truffler - RM
- HasBin - RM
- New Dashboard - RM: AK, NC, JW, AM
- Website - RM: AK, JW, AM
- Pa11y Dashboard (1.x) - RM
- Pa11y Webservice (1.x) - RM
- Pa11y Webservice Client Node - RM

(All - HK, JB)

Next meeting: 

RM: If we can move the repo out of SN, I’d be able to conduct this meeting again without taking time off work.

SN employees: We could decamp to the FT or do it the last hour of the day so no-one’s taking time off work.

Next meeting should be roughly a month away, we will try to organise a space and time for it in early June.
