# Pa11y meeting minutes 22nd of July 2016

Present: Rowan Manning RM, Andrew Walker AW, Nick Call NC, Danyal Aytekin DA, Jack Watkins JW, Hollie Kay HK, Andrew Mee AM (taking minutes)

## What we’ve achieved so far:

Agenda:
- Pa11y was moved! 
- Support improved
- New Twitter account
- Pa11y 4.0 was released, dropping Node.js 0.12 support
- Dashboard 2.0 was released, dropping Node.js 0.12 support
- Webservice 2.0 was released, dropping Node.js 0.12 support

RM: The big update is the new Pa11y org, moved from the SN org.  Also the new twitter account.

AM: And the logo.

RM: Support has improved - HK doing a great job

AM: What about the code itself?

RM: pa11y 4 has been released, dashboard and webservice 2 also released, dropping support for node 0.x.  End of life updated for each.

### Actions:
None.

## State of the Projects:

Agenda:
- Website almost ready to go live
- CI has reached beta, we could do with testing/real world usage
- Sidekick needs more review for ease of understanding

### Pa11y CI

RM: Pa11y CI has reached beta - needs to be used before we can be sure it ready.  A start on this could be updating the pa11y website to use 
pa11yCI as a real-world test/application.

RM: Would be worth also trying to apply this to projects at FT and SN

AM: Suggest Jose tries it out in his current Tools drive at SN

RM: Saving sidekick to last since it’s the biggest.

AM: Priority pa11y CI, new pa11y website, then Sidekick?

RM: Website it letting us down, preventing us from promoting the project.  I’d say website should be top priority before pa11y CI.

### Pa11y Website
RM: Website status: all content is in and reviewed, happy with that.  It looks plain but is functional.  Navigation needs to be designed.  This might be a good point to involve UX and design.  

RM: We also need to finalize the logo and add it to the site.

### Sidekick
RM: Sidekick has reached Architecture stage.  Feels happy with this architecture; has been reviewed by Jude and Jack.

AW: We want to look into using PM2 for running concurrent workers (for clustering)

RM: Yes this would be a nice thing to add, but not required for v1. The biggest thing for now would be to start creating a v1 backlog from 
the feature requests that have been made

JW: Is the core functionality there already, or it’s a guide for how it should be built?

RM: It’s a guide.  Currently it’s a mix of replicating features from the backlog, and other new features/focus on functionality.

RM: There’s a version 1.0 milestone in the repo, we just now need to decide what features go in, and how we’re going to build them.  Not happy to do that without some design/ux input (or at least a UX review of features).

AM: This should happen after we decide what features go in, so we can see what goes where.
Other

RM: For existing released projects (pa11y, dashboard, webservice) we are continuing with BAU.

### Actions:
- update the website contact page
- See: ready for launch milestone in pa11y website repo
- Start thinking about overall design ideas for pa11y website and sidekick
- Look through the sidekick features and upvote features they support for v1
- Look also at the proposal document to make sure we’re fitting that with our features

## State of the Org:

Agenda:
- How we can move faster/with more confidence in future

AM: How can we keep visibility of what’s happening, and keep momentum, particularly if people lose focus temporarily

RM: Using issues extensively to communicate changes being made, and coming up.  Pa11y slack should still be the place for communicating outside of those.

AM: A digest could be useful, but might be overcommunicating

RM: It feels like more work, and we might get too spammy

### Actions:
None.  Keep on as present.


## Actions that we haven’t completed from last time:

#### Work out what we want/need from UX and design, reach out to some design and UX to see who wants to help
We want a steer initially just for the website, but it will become our brand to be applied also to sidekick.  They’ll have very different needs (aesthetics vs info density), but this should start to create a brand.

Who to use for this?  Luke S might be interested from design, and James Cook from a UX POV. Alex K for more design work

We could use a design-centered meeting just to kick this off, and/or start to create some design ideas (like a mood board), and/or create a specification for design similar to what we did for the logo.

#### We will reach out to slack to ask them for a free licence
This isn’t needed yet.  Feels premature - we may move to something else.  Slack has terrible accessibility at the moment.

#### Decide at the end of this meeting when our next should be
Oops.

#### Speak to current users of the dashboard; basic survey/requirements gathering
Somewhat done through twitter re: sidekick, but we still don’t really know how people are using the dashboard.

Rowan to post in web accessibility slack to try to gather feedback on dashboard from anyone using it.

#### Create a prioritised backlog for dashboard 2.0
Carrying this forward in the sidekick v1 milestone

####Create a loose roadmap (based on user needs/frustrations, not features)
Let’s see how the v1 milestone exercise goes first

#### Speak to Jude about control of the pa11y domain
Needs more nagging


